PIP Clarifications (#33)
Xilinx/fpga24_routing_contest: docs/details.md

* The target device for this contest will be the AMD/Xilinx UltraScale+ xcvu3p.
* Competing routers must consume a pre-placed and partially-routed
 [FPGA Interchange Format](http://www.rapidwright.io/docs/FPGA_Interchange_Format.html) Physical Netlist

>   and emit a fully routed Physical Netlist that is identical to the input, except for the addition of
>   routeSegments of the type `pip`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  and emit a fully routed Physical Netlist formed by enabling some number of routing switches (termed PIPs).
```

I would be more specific (that routeSegment `pip` objects are the only thing that can be inserted into the netlist) in the Router section below.

#### Router
With just the pre-placed but partially-routed input Physical Netlist, competitors are required to route all
signal nets while preserving all existing placement and routing. In practice this

> is achieved by inserting FPGAIF routeSegment objects of the type `pip` into the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is achieved by only inserting FPGAIF routeSegment objects of the type `pip` into the
```
